docs: add new blog post about PrimeReact with refine (#4723)
refinedev/refine: documentation/blog/2023-07-24-refine-primereact-dashboard.md

```bash
npm create refine-app@latest refine-with-primereact
```

Select the following options when prompted:

```bash
✔ Choose a project template · refine-react
✔ What would you like to name your project?: · refine-with-primereact
✔ Choose your backend service to connect: · REST API
✔ Do you want to use a UI Framework?: · Headless
✔ Do you want to add example pages?: · Yes
✔ Do you need i18n (Internationalization) support?: · No
✔ Choose a package manager: · npm
✔ Would you mind sending us your choices so that we can improve create refine-app? · yes
```

Once the setup is complete, navigate to the project folder and start your app with:

```
npm run dev
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Your project created according to the options we selected. It includes CRUD pages for the `products` and `categories` resources with a simple layout. The CRUD pages are generated using [inferencer](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/inferencer/#how-the-fields-are-inferred), which is a powerful tool that allows you to create CRUD pages automatically based on your API. Most of time, it's great point to start building your admin panel.

> In this blog, we won't be using the generated pages. Instead, we'll build our admin panel from scratch to show you everything from the ground up. However, you can play around with the generated pages to get a feel for how inferencer works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this blog, we won't be using the generated pages. Instead, we'll build our admin panel pages from scratch to show you everything from the ground up. However, you can play around with the generated pages to get a feel for how inferencer works.
```

> After you've created your project, you should see the following page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your project is successfully run, you will see the following page:
```

PrimeReact also includes premium templates to further enhance the appearance and functionality of your apps. And if you ever need help or support, you can rely on their professional support team.

Check out the [PrimeReact website](https://primereact.org/) to learn more.

## Overview

Now that we've covered the basics of **refine** and PrimeReact, let's build a React admin panel using these technologies.

At the end of this tutorial, we'll have a project structure like below:

<div className="flex justify-center">
    <img alt="React admin panel" src="https://refine.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/blog/2023-07-25-refine-primereact/project-structure.jpeg" className="border border-gray-200 rounded" />
</div>

We'll use the [fake restaurant API](https://api.finefoods.refine.dev) for our data. It's a REST API that provides data for products, categories, orders, and specific endpoints for the dashboard.

## Housekeeping to start

Previously, we mentioned that the scaffolded project includes auto-generated CRUD pages and basic styling. We'll remove these to start with a clean state.

1.  Replace the `App.css` with the following:

>     ```css

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```css title="App.css"
```

                    options={{
                        syncWithLocation: true,
                        warnWhenUnsavedChanges: true,
                    }}
                >
                    <Routes>
                        {/*highlight-start*/}
                        <Route path="/">
                            <Route index element={<Dashboard />} />
                        </Route>
                        {/*highlight-end*/}

                        <Route path="*" element={<ErrorComponent />} />
                    </Routes>
                    <RefineKbar />
                    <UnsavedChangesNotifier />
                    <DocumentTitleHandler />
                </Refine>
            </RefineKbarProvider>
        </BrowserRouter>
    );
}

export default App;
```

</details>

> You can find more information about [resources](https://refine.dev/docs/api-reference/core/components/refine-config/#resources) and adding routes in the [React Router v6](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/routers/react-router-v6).

Now, if you navigate to the "/" path, you should see the created `Dashboard` component.

### Create `KpiCard` component

> Let's start enhancing the dashboard by adding KPI cards to display the weekly revenue, weekly orders, and new customers. For this, we'll create a `KpiCard` component in `src/components/dashboard/kpiCard/index.tsx` directory with the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start enhancing the dashboard by adding KPI cards to display the weekly revenue, weekly orders, and new customers. For this, we'll create a `<KpiCard>` component in `src/components/dashboard/kpiCard/index.tsx` directory with the following code:
```

Reviewer: Maybe it's better if we put <> when talking about the components itself? Just a suggestions

Author: That's fine, updated 🚀

<details>

> <summary>Show `KpiCard` component</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Show KpiCard component</summary>
```

Reviewer: Please remove all the backticks in the summary fields since they are not rendering properly

    fullName: string;
    gender: string;
    gsm: string;
    createdAt: string;
    addresses: IAddress[];
}

export interface IOrderStatus {
    id: number;
    text: "Pending" | "Ready" | "On The Way" | "Delivered" | "Cancelled";
}

export interface IAddress {
    text: string;
    coordinate: [string, string];
}

export interface IChartDatum {
    date: string;
    value: string;
}

export interface IChart {
    data: IChartDatum[];
    total: number;
    trend: number;
}

export interface IProduct {
    id: number;
    name: string;
    isActive: boolean;
    description: string;
    createdAt: string;
    price: number;
    category: ICategory;
    stock: number;
}

export interface ICategory {
    id: number;
    title: string;
    isActive: boolean;
}
```

</details>

We used the `useCustom` hook to fetch the data for the KPI cards. It makes a request to the `/dailyRevenue`, `/dailyOrders`, and `/newCustomers` endpoints with the `query` parameters. The `query` parameters are used to get the data for the last 7 days.

After fetching the data, we passed the necessary props to the `KpiCard` component to render the cards. After these changes, our dashboard looks like below:

> <img alt="React admin panel" src="https://refine.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/blog/2023-07-25-refine-primereact/kpi-cards.jpeg" className="border border-gray-200 rounded" />

Reviewer: This image is not centered

                    <Chart
                        type="bar"
                        data={orderBarData}
                        options={commonLineOptions}
                        style={{ height: "400px" }}
                    />
                </TabPanel>
                <TabPanel header="New Customers">
                    <Chart
                        type="line"
                        data={newCustomersLineData}
                        options={commonLineOptions}
                        style={{ height: "400px" }}
                    />
                </TabPanel>
            </TabView>
        </Card>
    );
};
```

</details>

In the code above, we created a `ChartView` component that renders a tab view with three charts. It uses the [`Chart`](https://primereact.org/chart/) component from PrimeReact to render the charts.

Let's import the `ChartView` component in `src/pages/dashboard/index.tsx` and pass the necessary props to render the charts. At this point, we'll use same endpoints that we used for the KPI cards. So there is no need to fetch the data again. We'll pass the data that we fetched previously to the `ChartView` component.

> You can simply copy the highlighted code below and paste it into the `src/pages/dashboard/index.tsx` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simply copy-paste the highlighted code below into the `src/pages/dashboard/index.tsx` file.
```

                >
                    <Routes>
                        <Route path="/">
                            <Route index element={<Dashboard />} />
                        </Route>

                        {/*highlight-start*/}
                        <Route path="/products">
                            <Route index element={<ProductList />} />
                        </Route>
                        {/*highlight-end*/}

                        <Route path="*" element={<ErrorComponent />} />
                    </Routes>
                    <RefineKbar />
                    <UnsavedChangesNotifier />
                    <DocumentTitleHandler />
                    {/*highlight-next-line*/}
                    <ConfirmDialog />
                </Refine>
            </RefineKbarProvider>
        </BrowserRouter>
    );
}

export default App;
```

</details>

After these changes, when you navigate to the `/products` path, you should see the product list page as below:

<img alt="React admin panel" src="https://refine.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/blog/2023-07-25-refine-primereact/product-list.jpeg" className="border border-gray-200 rounded" />

### Create Page

> Product create page will display a form to create a new product. It will allow users to create a new product by filling the form. For this, we'll use the [`useForm`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/react-hook-form/useForm/) hook from `@refinedev/react-hook-form` and the input components from PrimeReact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The product create page will display a form to create a new product. It will allow users to create a new product by filling the form. For this, we'll use the [`useForm`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/react-hook-form/useForm/) hook from `@refinedev/react-hook-form` and the input components from PrimeReact.
```

            </form>
        </Card>
    );
};
```

</details>

In the code above, we used the [`useForm`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/react-hook-form/useForm/) hook to manage the form state. It also makes a request to the `/products` endpoint with the `POST` method when the form is submitted.

Additionally, we used the [`useSelect`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/core/hooks/useSelect/) hook to fetch the categories for the dropdown. It makes a request to the `/categories` endpoint with the `GET` method to fetch the categories.

To render the form, we used the PrimeReact input components and we used the React Hook Form as recommended by the PrimeReact documentation.

First, let's export the product create page on `src/pages/products/index.tsx` file as follows:

```tsx title="src/pages/products/index.tsx"
export * from "./list";
//highlight-start
export * from "./create";
//highlight-end
```

Next, import the `ProductCreate` to add a route for rendering it. For this, you can simply copy the highlighted code below and paste it into the `src/App.tsx` file.

<details>

<summary>src/App.tsx</summary>

```tsx title="src/App.tsx"
//...

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

//highlight-next-line
import { ProductList, ProductCreate } from "./pages/products";

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
